okay so I guys uh this is a monster
can't collection I was really small but
i just started collecting like a month
ago have I ever really started putting a
lot emphasis in it into it until now but
I know I don't have any of the normal
ones unless you call the import normal
because it's just a regular normal
flavor but yeah this is my collection so
far and get more okay so first we have
anti-gravity which I did a review on
just go watch the review if you haven't
seen it yet I talked a lot about this
one our school and I'll just got this
one today haven't opened yet but uh yeah
I haven't seen this one at a store so I
decided get it so I'll try that sometime
maybe tomorrow his mean bean java SE
massage / in Java but mean bean I got
this one yesterday so I could just taste
it tastes pretty good i like how the job
i want to taste so far mean bean uh java
monster then i got to imports here's one
i finished I got this like a week or two
ago and yeah I like this one I like this
one a lot so I decided to get another
one and haven't finished yet drank about
half of it but done really do 20 of my
stomach a driving too fast stomach hurt
after so uh yeah these are all of them
so far I could hear it fizzing oh
whatever this one probably one of my
favorites out of all so far I like I
thought we couldn't taste a lot like
coffee but it didn't I mean had a little
bit of coffee flavor but kind of tastes
like a milkshake a little bit this one
just kind of tasted like that or Gina
Orangina or that whatever want to call
it but yeah
so I got to imports to javas and a
anti-gravity nitrous so yes if my
monster can't collection so far imma
start collect after i get a few more the
javelins and start collecting the normal
one split ah i probably won't get some
for a while because my i have to start
paying for it and i charge too much on
my cell phone so i'm gonna have to pay
that off because yeah and yes i'll
probably get some soon but not anytime
soon so yeah so this is my monster can
collection so far uh please rate comment
subscribe and thanks for watching see